Add Filebeat and Kylin files (#267)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/filebeat.md

---
name: Filebeat
category: DevOps
description: Filebeat is a lightweight log shipper that monitors and forwards log files to a central data processing system.
download_url: https://www.elastic.co/downloads/past-releases#filebeat
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 7.12.0
    release_date: 2021/03/23
 
 
optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://www.elastic.co/beats/filebeat
    support_caveats: 
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:

>         partner_content: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-installation-configuration.html

Author: this is not partner content. Please remove this and check if there are any partner content available.

>         official_docs: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/index.html 

Author: ```suggestion
        official_docs: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-installation-configuration.html
```

    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:
 
optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Though it started releaseing filbeat for linux aach64 since version 7.12.0.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Though it started releasing filebeat for linux aarch64 since version 7.12.0.
```
